{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deftab709{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Bookman Old Style;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\kerning1\b\f0\fs32\lang1033 Spellcraft\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs32\par
\b0\fs24 All magic belongs to one of six schools: Elemental, Arcane, Life, Death, Light, and Shadow.\par
\par
Elemental magic is the shaping of water, earth, fire, or air. Simple elemental spells include the conjuring, shaping, and freezing of water. The most powerful elementalists or shaman can conjure ferocious storms, calm stormy seas, shake the earth, and incinerate their foes. \par
\par
Arcane magic is the shaping of raw magical energy into useful applications. Simple spells include superheating metal, picking locks, and shaping magical missiles. The most powerful of arcane wizards can teleport themselves and others, create impenetrable barriers, and even control the flow of time.\par
\par
Life magic is the control of the force of life. Simple life magic spells include healing wounds, growing plants, and communicating with animals. The most powerful life-mages or druids can extend their senses through trees, shapeshift, and heal the most grievous of wounds.\par
\par
Death magic is the interaction with the forces of death. Simple death magic allows the user to detect and communicate with spirits, and raise the recently dead. The most powerful death-mages and raise armies of the dead, traverse the plane of death, and lay devastating curses. \par
\par
Light magic is the control of light, and the channeling of divine forces. Simple light spells include creating lights, healing wounds, and detecting the presence of undead. The most powerful light mages, clerics, or paladins can banish the undead, create burning beams of light, and petition higher forces for their influence.\par
\par
Shadow magic is the basis of deception. Shadow spells are rarely simple, but its most elemental applications are influencing minds, stealth, and extending one\rquote s senses. The most powerful shadow mages can create dark copies, warp between shadows, and bend their enemies to their will.\par
\par
\b\fs28 Elemental\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs28\par
\i\fs24 Water Spring \b0\i0 - 5 (Very Easy) \endash  Summon (YOUR ROLL/2) quarts of water that seeps up from the ground at a location on the ground you can see within 5 feet of you. This water is cool, clean, and safe to drink.\par
\b\i\par
Gust of Wind\b0\i0  \endash  5 (Easy) \endash  Send a gust of wind out in a (YOUR ROLL) ft cone in front of you. The wind is strong enough to move a (YOUR ROLL) lb object to the end of the cone. \par
\par
\b\i Shape Clouds\b0  \i0 - 10 (Easy) - Shape the clouds in sight as you desire for (YOUR ROLL) minutes. This spell cannot dissipate clouds, only move them and shape them. \par
\b\i\par
Iceball\b0\i0  \endash  10 (Easy) \endash  Throw a ball of ice. This ball shatters into harmless crystals after 40 ft of flight, and deals (YOUR ROLL \endash  8) of damage to the target, and half that much to their speed. \par
\par
\b\i Breathe Water \b0\i0 - 10 (Easy) - Bestow the ability to breathe water to a character you can see within (YOUR ROLL) feet for (YOUR ROLL) minutes. Touching the target when you cast the spell, or casting it on yourself, doubles the duration.\par
\par
\b\i Windrush\b0\i0  - 10 (Easy) - Add (YOUR ROLL) to your speed.\par
\b\fs28\par
\i\fs24 Fireball\b0\i0  \endash  20 (Medium) \endash  Throw a ball of fire. This ball fades after 60 ft of flight, deals (YOUR ROLL + 5) damage to the target, and lights them ablaze, taking 5 damage a turn for 3 turns. On miscast, burns you for (YOUR ROLL \endash  5) damage but does not ignite you.\par
\b\i\par
Arena of Stone\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) \endash  You stomp your foot, dropping a circular area with radius of your choosing (up to (YOUR ROLL +1) feet) 4 feet into the ground. \par
\par
\b\i Cold Zone \b0\i0 - 20 (Medium) - Snap your fingers, freezing any water that enters the zone of radius (YOUR ROLL) feet. Rain frozen in this matter becomes hail, which deals 1, 2, 3, or 4 damage per turn to unsheltered characters wearing Heavy, Medium, Light, and no armor, respectively. Does not freeze water inside creatures.\par
\par
\b\i Rock Throw\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Rip a boulder from the nearby ground and toss it at a target within (YOUR ROLL + 10) feet. It deals (YOUR ROLL + 10) damage to the target, shattering on impact. \par
\par
\b\i Heat Blast\b0\i0  - 20 (Medium) - Create a blast of fire from your palm that burns hot and fast. It deals (YOUR ROLL + 10) damage to a target you can touch, and ignites them (5 damage per turn for 3 turns). On miscast, deals (YOUR ROLL) damage to yourself.\par
\b\i\par
Conjure Rainstorm\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Create a rainstorm over the course of 5 minutes that lasts (YOUR ROLL * 3) minutes. The rain is fierce enough to lightly obscure vision.\par
\par
\b\i Calm Storm\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Ease the effect of a storm. Reduces a storm to gentle winds and dark clouds for (YOUR ROLL * 3) minutes. \par
\par
\b\i Cone of Flame\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Blast a cone of fire from one extended hand. This fire surges forward in a 20 foot cone, dealing (YOUR ROLL + 5) damage to enemies in the area and igniting them to take 5 damage a turn for 3 turns. On miscast, take (YOUR ROLL - 5) damage and be ignited, taking 5 damage on your next turn.\par
\par
\b\i Burnout\b0  \i0 - 25 (Medium) - Sacrifice up to 20 health to erupt in flames, immolating an area of (YOUR ROLL) feet around yourself for (YOUR ROLL + (sacrificed health/2)) damage. \par
\par
\b\i Flame Pillar\b0\i0  - 30 (Hard) - Create a tall pillar of fire at target location within (YOUR ROLL * 3) ft. The pillar has a radius of 10 ft and deals (YOUR ROLL * 3) damage to all characters inside it, igniting them to take 5 damage a turn for the following 3 turns. On miscast, creates a 10 ft radius blast around yourself that deals (YOUR ROLL * 2) damage to anyone caught in the blast, but does not ignite them.\par
\par
\b\i Earthquake\b0\i0  - 35 (Very Hard) - Stomp your foot and cause the very ground to shake. Deals (YOUR ROLL * 2) damage to all characters touching the ground within a 300 ft radius. Devastating to structures.\b\i\par
\i0\fs28\par
Arcane\line\line\i\fs24 Magic Vision\b0\i0  \endash  5 per turn (Very Easy) \endash  Magically augment your vision such that enchanted objects, magical traps, etc appear to glow faintly with a color corresponding to their school. This spell\rquote s effective radius is equal to your intelligence. \par
\b\fs28\par
\i\fs24 Earplugs\b0\i0  \endash  5 (Very Easy) \endash  Target willing creature becomes entirely deaf for (Intelligence/5) minutes. \par
\b\i\fs28\par
\fs24 Superheat Metal\b0\i0  \endash  5 (Easy) \endash  Metal you can touch heats to melting temperature over (11 \endash  Intelligence/10) seconds. Once it reaches this temperature, it begins to cool as normal. \par
\b\fs28\par
\i\fs24 Simple Missile\b0\i0  \endash  10 (Easy) \endash  Strike the enemy within (INTELLIGENCE) feet of you with a magical missile. It deals (YOUR ROLL - 4) damage.\par
\b\i\fs28\par
\fs24 Telekinesis\b0\i0  \endash  10 per turn (Easy) \endash  You exert a force equivalent to a Power roll of (YOUR ROLL + INTELLIGENCE/20) on an object you can see within 15 feet. \par
\b\fs28\par
\i\fs24 Pick Simple Lock\b0\i0  \endash  20 (Medium) \endash  A lock you touch with a DC 15 or lower becomes instantly unlocked if (YOUR ROLL) > (LOCK DC). \par
\b\i\fs28\par
\fs24 Arcane Cage\b0\i0  \endash  25 (Medium) \endash  You conjure a glowing cage around a target you can see within (Intelligence/4) feet. The cage has (YOUR ROLL x 2) HP, and lasts (YOUR ROLL x 15) minutes. Enemies inside the cage are protected from attacks outside the cage, and likewise cannot attack outside the cage. \par
\b\i\fs28\par
\fs24 Blink\b0\i0  \endash  25 (Medium) \endash  You instantaneously teleport up to (YOUR ROLL) feet to a place you can see. This makes a loud, distinctive noise. On miscast, take (YOUR ROLL/2) damage in magical backlash.\par
\par
\b\i Quiescence \b0\i0 - 25 (Medium) - Paralyze a creature you can see within (Intellgience/2) feet for (YOUR ROLL) seconds. The creature's body is relaxed during this paralysis, but their mind is fully aware.\par
\b\fs28\par
\i\fs24 Grand Shockwave\b0\i0  \endash  30 (Hard) \endash  Send out a magical blast from a point you can see within (30 + Intelligence/10) feet of you. The blast wave of radius (Intelligence/10) feet knocks enemies slightly into the air and deals (YOUR ROLL * 2) damage to them. On miscast, this spell\rquote s backlash silences you for your next turn and deals (YOUR ROLL) damage to you.\par
\par
\b\i Ambient Field\b0\i0  - 30 (Hard) - Create an ambient field of magic surrounding you within 15 feet. Casters within this field can draw from its energy, reducing the cost of spells they cast by (INTELLIGENCE / 10 rounded up) for 3 turns. \par
\par
\b\i Warp\b0\i0  - 45+5 per person (Hard) - Teleport everyone around you in a 10 foot radius to a place of your choosing. If you have never been to the location before, this spell is Very Hard. If you have something from that location to focus on, the spell becomes Medium. This spell cannot traverse between planes.\par
\b\i\fs28\par
\fs24 Time Stop\b0\i0  \endash  40 (Very Hard) \endash  You magically freeze the flow of time for everyone except yourself for (INTELLIGENCE/5) seconds. On miscast, take (YOUR ROLL x 3) damage from magical backlash. \par
\b\fs28\par
Life\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs28\par
\i\fs24 Mend Flesh\b0\i0  \endash  15 (Easy) \endash  You will a creature\rquote s wounded flesh to close itself. The creature must be within 20 feet of you and visible. Heals the target for (YOUR ROLL). On miscast, deals (YOUR ROLL \endash  5) damage to the target instead.\par
\b\i\par
Weaken Life\b0\i0  \endash  20 (Medium) \endash  You forcibly suppress a target\rquote s life force. For 2 turns, the target has (YOUR ROLL) less Endurance. They regain their Endurance on the turn following your next turn.\par
\b\i\par
Nourish Plants\b0\i0  \endash  5 (Easy) \endash  You impart a living plant with your magical energy, causing it to grow the equivalent of (YOUR ROLL) weeks of growth over 5 seconds and nourishing it to health. \par
\b\i\par
Speak With Animals\b0\i0  \endash  12 (Easy) \endash  You gain the ability to understand animals, and they to understand you, for (YOUR ROLL x 6) minutes.\par
\par
\b\i Ritual: Cure Disease\b0\i0  - (Easy) - Cleanse a target of disease. Takes 1 hour to cast, and one small stone for every disease to be removed. At the end of the ritual, the stones crumble to sand. \par
\par
\b\i Wild Dance\b0\i0  - 15 (Medium) - Requires a musical instrument to cast. Play a jaunting song that fills those who hear it with energy. Creatures of your choice who can hear you gain (YOUR ROLL/2) SPEED and POWER for 4 turns.\par
\b\i\par
Ritual: Garden Path\b0\i0  - (Medium) - Cast from a circle of rocks in grass. After 30 minutes of concentration, teleport everyone in the circle to a fountain in The Garden, a pocket dimension resembling an ancient, overgrown garden of unkown origin. The Garden has the following unusual properties:\par
- When warped to, it always contains enough food and clean water to sustain its inhabitants for up to 1 week.\par
- Time does not appear to pass, and there is no sun nor moon. The Garden is in a perpetual twilight, neither day nor night. Time does flow as normal, meaning every 1 second spent in The Garden appears as 1 second from outside The Garden.\par
- Appears to extend infinitely in all directions, sporting overgrown stone structures, and wooden lattices, though food only grows around the fountain.\par
Characters in the garden can return to the circle in the plane they came from by stepping back into the fountain, but cannot return without recasting this ritual. \b\i\par
\par
Ritual: Soul Bind\b0\i0  - (Medium) - Harmlessly divide a piece of your soul and place it in an object, binding that object to you. You can magically sense the presence of that object if it is separated you and within (6TH SENSE/10) miles from you. Anyone attempting to take this object from you against your will has disadvantage. This ritual takes 1 hour.\par
\par
\b\i Ritual: Cursebreak\b0\i0  - (Medium) - Cleanse a living target of a curse. Requires the target to lay in a circle of salt or herbs during the 30 minute cast time. These materials are blackened and corrupted as they absorb the curse, and turn to ash as the ritual is finished.\par
\par
\b\i Song of Life\b0\i0  - 20 (Medium) - Requires a musical instrument to cast. You play an enriching, invigorating tune that restores (YOUR ROLL) HP to living creatures of your choice who can hear you. \par
\par
\b\i Drain Life\b0\i0  - 20 (Medium) - Target creature within 30 feet takes (YOUR ROLL) damage and you gain (YOUR ROLL) life, without exceeding your maximum. On miscast, take (YOUR ROLL/2) damage.\par
\par
\b\i Chain Heal\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Restore (YOUR ROLL) life to a character within (YOUR ROLL * 2) feet. If they are restored to full health, the heal leaps to another target of your choosing. This spell can leap up to 4 times (healing 5 times).\par
\par
\b\i Shapeshift\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Shift into an animal form of your choosing of your size or smaller for (YOUR ROLL * 3) minutes. You keep your Intelligence, 6th Sense, and Charisma stats. Your health percentage is applied to your new form (shapeshifting does not restore health).\par
\par
Sample Shapshifting forms:\par
Housecat - 40 Speed, 15 Endurance, 15 Power\par
Sheep - 20 Speed, 20 Endurance, 10 Power\par
Stag - 70 Speed, 35 Endurance, 30 Power\par
Bear - 30 Speed, 55 Endurance, 60 Power\par
Panther - 55 Speed, 40 Endurance, 40 Power\par
Great Spider - 40 Speed, 40 Endurance, 30 Power, Walk on walls\par
Snake - 40 Speed, 40 Endurance, 45 Power, Advantage to grappling\par
Eagle - 30 (Hard) - 45 Speed, 25 Endurance, 15 Power, Flight\par
\par
Note: Form stats can (and should) be applied to creatures that fit your character better (e.g. a vulture instead of an eagle, a fox instead of a housecat, a wolf instead of a panther, etc)\par
\par
\b\i Great Heal\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Restore (YOUR ROLL * 2) health to a character you touch.\par
\par
\b\i One With The Forest\b0\i0  - 30 (Hard) - By making physical contact with a tree and concentrating, you extend your senses through the tree's roots and into any surrounding trees. This extension of your senses is limited within a radius of (6TH SENSE / 10) miles, so long as the roots of the trees are intertwined.  \par
\par
\b\i Swan Song\b0\i0  - 35 (Hard) - Requires a musical instrument to cast. You play a song targeting one specific creature who can hear you. This song invigorates them and fills them with grace, allowing them to perform two actions on their next turn. Exhausted, they skip their following turn. \par
\par
\b\i Rend Soul \b0\i0 - 45 (Very Hard) - You forcibly tear the soul from a living creature's body, killing it instantly. If the target's Endurance is less than (YOUR ROLL * 4), it dies. Otherwise, it becomes immune to the effects of this spell until the next moonrise.\par
\b\fs28\par
Death\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs28\par
\i\fs24 Detect Lesser Spirits\b0\i0  \endash  5 (Easy) \endash  You become aware of the presence of weak spiritual energies within (6TH SENSE/5) feet. You sense their direction and can see them in the form of ghostly figures.\par
\b\i\par
Speak With Ghosts\b0\i0  \endash  10 (Easy) \endash  You gain the ability to understand the words and wills of ghosts wandering the mortal plane, and they gain the ability to understand you. The effect lasts for (6TH SENSE) minutes. Ghost language is entirely silent to those not under the effect of the spell.\par
\b\i\par
Soul Interrogation \endash\b0\i0  20 (Medium) \endash  By touching a recently deceased person, you pull its soul back from death and trap it back into its body for (YOUR ROLL x 4) seconds. This process is highly disorienting for the soul, and can only be done once for any soul. This spell is only possible for up to (15 + 6TH SENSE) minutes after death. \par
\b\i\par
Deep Gaze\b0\i0  - 15 (Medium) - Look into the eyes of a creature. You are able to sense that creature's most prominent emotions, and their moral alignment.\b\i\par
\par
Enslave Spirit\b0\i0  \endash  20 (Medium) \endash  You pull a weak soul from the death plane and use it to reanimate a corpse. The zombie is obedient to your commands while the spirit is contained, but it breaks free after (6TH SENSE) minutes, leaving the body behind as a regular corpse. While it is under your control, the zombie has 25 Power, 25 Speed, 25 Endurance, 12 Intelligence, and 0 Charisma and 6\super th\nosupersub  Sense. \par
\b\i\par
Ritual: Scry\b0\i0  - (Medium) - Commune with the death plane to reveal the location of a specific person. Takes 1 hour of concentration, and requires a burnt offering of animal bones. Burning an additional offering with a connection to the target reduces cast time to 30 minutes and reveals their emotional state. If cast while inside the death plane, it takes 15 minutes and consumes no materials.\b\i\par
\par
Soul Anchor\b0\i0  \endash  20 (Medium) \endash  You touch the corpse of someone who has died within (6TH SENSE/4) minutes and guide their soul back to their body. They are returned to life, but their Endurance is permanently damaged by (25 \endash  YOUR ROLL). On miscast, roll a d2. On a 1, the target\rquote s soul is lost. \par
\par
\b\i Song of Hopelessness\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Requires a musical instrument to cast. You play a mournful tune that demoralizes your enemies. Creatures of your choice who can hear you have their SPEED and POWER reduced by (YOUR ROLL - 5) for 4 turns.\par
\par
\b\i Translator\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Seek the aid of a wise spirit of the death plane. The spirit lingers with you for (6TH SENSE/4) minutes, visible and audible only to you. During this time, the spirit will translate words spoken to you into a language you can understand.\line\line\b\i Ritual: Soul Projection\b0\i0  \endash  (Hard) \endash  You harmlessly separate your soul from your body, sending it to the plane of death for (6TH SENSE + YOUR ROLL) minutes. The death plane is convoluted and not for the faint of heart. While in the death plane, you can communicate with the souls there, and can seek out a specific soul with a Hard (DC 15) 6TH SENSE check. Requires 30 minutes to cast, and your body to remain untouched by the living. On a miscast or upon being touched by a living being, take (YOUR ROLL + 6) damage as your soul is torn. You are unable to cast Soul Projection again for 3 days after failing it as your soul heals.\par
\par
\b\i Ritual: Curse of Decay\b0\i0  - (Hard) - Place a curse on a target. While cursed, the target's Endurance, Speed, and Strength are sapped by (YOUR ROLL/2) points per day, stacking continuously until the curse is broken or the target dies. If the curse is broken, its stat penalties are removed with it. Requires 1 hour to prepare and cast, 7 candles, and a possession of the target. Alternatively, cast the spell on an equipable item, substituting the target's possession with the item. The next person who equips this item will be cursed.\par
\par
\b\i Truthspeaker\b0\i0  - 30 (Hard) - Seek the aid of watchful spirit of the death plane. The spirit lingers with you for (6TH SENSE/4) minutes, visible and audible only to you. During this time, if someone tells a lie, the spirit will tell you.\par
\par
\b\i Ritual: Curse of Whispers\b0\i0  - (Very Hard) - Inflict a target with a curse that draws spirits to them. Until the curse is removed, they can hear the whispers of spirits constantly.\par
-They do not recover health and recover only up to 50 MP when sleeping, due to restlessness.\par
-They gain the effects of the "Speak with Ghosts" spell\par
-Their Charisma when not talking to ghosts is reduced by half\par
This spell requires 1 hour of preparation to be cast, the burning of a sapient creature's bones, and a possession of the target. Alternatively, cast the spell on an equipable item, substitutting the target's possession with the item. The next person who equips this item will be cursed.\par
\par
\b\i Covenant\b0\i0  - 35 (Very Hard) - Reach out to the plane of death and call forth up to four powerful souls to inhabit bodies around you. These souls raise the corpses to have 75 Power, 50 Speed, 65 Endurance, 50 Intelligence, and 40 Charisma and 6th Sense. These souls are not intrinsically loyal to you, but will obey you for (6TH SENSE) minutes before their end of the deal is completed. After this, they have no obligation to protect you, listen to you, or not to kill you, and will pursue their own interests.\par
\par
\b\i Raise Graveyard\b0\i0  - 50 (Very Hard) - Trap weak souls in dead bodies in a radius around you to create a horde of undead. Raises up to (YOUR ROLL) number of zombies or skeletons with 25 Power, 25 Speed, 25 Endurance, 12 intelligence, and 0 Charisma and 6th Sense. These zombies live until they are killed.\b\fs28\par
\par
Light\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs28\par
\i\fs24 Candlelight \endash\b0\i0  5 (Very Easy) \endash  Conjure a small glowing ball of light at a position of your choosing within 10 feet. It lasts 30 minutes and sheds enough light to illuminate a 20 by 20 ft room.  \par
\b\i\par
Faithful Torch \endash\b0\i0  5 (Very Easy) \endash  Conjure a glowing ball of light that hovers four inches above your head, following you. It lasts 30 minutes and sheds enough light to illuminate a 20 by 20 ft room.\par
\b\i\par
Healing Light \endash\b0\i0  10 (Easy) \endash  A warm glow emanates from your hands for one turn. Touching your hands to a wound causes the wound to close, restoring (YOUR ROLL \endash  6) HP. \par
\b\i\par
Detect Lesser Undead\b0\i0  \endash  5 per turn (Easy) \endash  Your senses become attuned to detect weak undead in a (30 ft + 6TH SENSE/2) radius sphere around yourself. If there is an undead within that sphere with Endurance less than or equal to (YOUR ROLL), you detect its location.\par
\b\i\par
Detect Greater Undead\b0\i0  \endash  10 per turn (Medium) \endash  Your senses become attuned to detect undead in a (50 ft + 6TH SENSE/2) radius sphere around yourself. If there is an undead within that sphere with Endurance less than or equal to (YOUR ROLL) x 2, you detect its location.\par
\b\i\par
Bless Weapon\b0\i0  \endash  15 (Medium) \endash  You bless your weapon with divine light, causing it to deal (YOUR ROLL/4) bonus damage (doubled vs undead) for 4 turns.\par
\par
\b\i Divine Reprieve \b0\i0 - 20 (Medium) - Restore (YOUR ROLL + 8) health to a target you touch, and cleanse them of any diseases.\par
\b\i\par
Divine Guidance\b0\i0  \endash  25 (Medium) \endash  You pray to a higher being for guidance. You can ask it one question, with no guarantee of answer. \par
\par
\b\i Blinding Radiance\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Create a blinding flash of light in at a location of your choice within (YOUR ROLL) feet. Any creatures who see this light are blinded for (YOUR ROLL/4) turns. \par
\par
\b\i Serene Starlight\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Restore (YOUR ROLL + 10) health to a character you can see within (YOUR ROLL) feet. \line\line\b\i Beam of Light\b0\i0  \endash  30 (Hard) \endash  You channel a powerful beam of light, blasting 120 feet in a beam in front of you. It deals (YOUR ROLL + 8) damage to all enemies in its path, igniting them such that they burn for 5 damage a turn for 3 turns. Undead take double damage from the beam.\par
\b\i\par
Divine Grace\b0\i0  \endash  30 (Hard) \endash  You channel a wave of potent healing light that ripples out from you in a radius of (YOUR ROLL/2) feet. It heals any allies in your radius for (YOUR ROLL + 7) HP and wreaths them in light that continues to heal them for 6 HP every turn for 4 turns. \par
\par
\b\i Bless\b0\i0  - 35 (Hard) - Grant a blessing that cures diseases and cleanses curses on a target you can touch. \par
\b\i\par
\i0\fs28 Shadow\b0\fs24\par
\b\i\par
False Memory\b0\i0  \endash  10 (Easy) \endash  Create a false memory in the mind of someone you are making eye contact with. This memory is a fragile illusion, destroyed if questioned by the victim. \par
\b\i\par
Sense Fear\b0\i0  \endash  15 (Medium) \endash  Your senses become attuned to enemies\rquote  fear. You become aware of the presence and location of living things within (6TH SENSE) ft of you (max 50 feet) that are afraid. \par
\b\i\par
Invisible Eye\b0\i0  \endash  20 (Medium) \endash  You place your palm on a surface and leave behind an eye visible only to you. By closing your eyes, you can see through this eye from a max distance of (6TH SENSE) feet away. The eye lasts for (YOUR ROLL) minutes.\par
\par
\b\i Dark Vision\b0\i0  - 20 (Medium) - Enchant your eyes for (YOUR ROLL*2) minutes. During this time, you can see in non-magical darkness.\par
\b\i\par
Dark Spirit\b0\i0  \endash  25 (Medium) \endash  You split a shadowy ghost with dimly glowing eyes from your body. While closing your eyes, you can control and see through the eyes of the ghost. The ghost can fly up to (30 + 6TH SENSE) feet from your body at a speed of 10 ft/sec, has 20 Endurance, and lasts for (YOUR ROLL * 2) seconds. The ghost is capable of simple actions (actions not requiring a roll), cannot attack, but can cast Shadow spells.\par
\par
\b\i Enchanting Melody\b0\i0  - 25 (Medium) - Requires a musical instrument to cast. You spin a melody enchanted with shadow magic that puts creatures of your choice who can hear it into a daze. Creatures affected by this song have their INT and 6TH reduced by (YOUR ROLL) for 4 turns.\par
\par
\b\i Invisibility\b0\i0  - 30 (Hard) - Wreath yourself in fragile shadows to become invisible for (YOUR ROLL * 3) seconds. Bright light burns this spell away, causing it to end abruptly. \par
\par
\b\i Thought Forgery\b0\i0  - 35 (Hard) - Plant a detailed memory in the mind of someone you are making eye contact with. This memory is strong and clear to the victim, making it difficult to deduce as false. \par
\b\i\par
Blanket Darkness\b0\i0  \endash  35 (Hard) \endash  You lay a blanket of shadow in a radius of (YOUR ROLL) feet around yourself for 2 turns. This darkness is impenetrable by non-magical light and obscures everything inside it. While in the darkness, you can see (6TH SENSE/10) feet in front of you as if it was not obscured. \par
\par
\b\i Shadow Walk\b0\i0  - 35 (Hard) - Warp from a shadow you're in to one you can see (6TH SENSE/2) feet away. This spell makes is completely silent, and works on shadows you can see by magic.\par
\par
\b\i Dark Truth\b0\i0  - 45 (Very Hard) - Warp the mind of a person you are making eye contact with. You implant a conclusion, and their mind fills in the details to explain that conclusion. Nearly impossible for the victim to detect. The victim makes a 6th Sense check, requiring a roll equal or higher than (YOUR ROLL). If the conclusion involves self harm, this roll must be equal or higher than (YOUR ROLL - 5). Succeeding this check results in this conclusion being rejected.\par
\par
\b\i Dark Duelist\b0\i0  - 40 (Very Hard) - Create a copy of yourself made of shadows that you control. The clone has your stats, but 0 Intelligence and 0 Charisma. It dissipates after (YOUR ROLL*2) seconds. \par
\b\i\par
\par
}
 